Win32-IPC version 1.07, released April 16, 2008

The Win32-IPC modules provide access to the Win32 sychronization
objects, which are (currently) documented at

  http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms686364(VS.85).aspx

The supported sychronization objects and associated modules are:
  Event     - Win32::Event
  Mutex     - Win32::Mutex
  Semaphore - Win32::Semaphore

In addition, the Win32::ChangeNotify module provides access to
directory change notifications, which let you monitor a specified
directory tree for file modifications.  While not strictly a
synchronization object, change notifications are often used in similar
ways.



INSTALLATION

To install these modules, run the following commands:

	perl Build.PL
	Build
	Build test
	Build install



DEPENDENCIES

You'll need a suitable C compiler.
Microsoft Visual C++ 6 or MinGW GCC should work.
You can also build it with GCC under Cygwin.



CHANGES
    Here's what's new in version 1.07 of Win32-IPC:
    (See the file "Changes" for the full revision history.)

	- There are no significant functional changes in 1.07.	If
	  you've already installed 1.06, don't bother upgrading.

	- Give a more useful error message if Module::Build is not installed

	- Don't bother to test $! after fetching constant('INFINITE')

	- Added LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT section to documentation

1.06  April 15, 2008
	- *** INCOMPATIBLE CHANGE ***

	  Passing undef as the value of an optional parameter is now
	  the same as omitting that parameter.	In previous versions,
	  undef was interpreted as either the empty string or 0 (along
	  with a warning about "Use of uninitialized value...").

	  In particular, if you pass undef as the timeout, it now
	  means INFINITE, but to previous versions it meant 0.

	- The modules now use XSLoader instead of DynaLoader.

	- Copied Yves Orton's fix (from Win32::ChangeNotify 1.04) so
	  "a true value" no longer has to be a non-zero number to all
	  relevant places.

	- Win32::IPC and its subclasses are now distributed separately
	  from libwin32 (which has been broken up).  Prior to this
	  release, each module had its own Changes file, and their
	  version numbers were not synchronized.  Those files are
	  appended below.



COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 1998-2008 Christopher J. Madsen

 Created: 3 Feb 1998 from the ActiveWare version
   (c) 1995 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
       Developed by ActiveWare Internet Corp., http://www.ActiveState.com

   Other modifications (c) 1997 by Gurusamy Sarathy <gsar@cpan.org>

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
